
+++
title = "2020"
description = "A wonderful year to review."
date = 2020-12-31T12:00:00Z
draft = false
type = 'post'
tags = ['TODO']
old_content_duration = 0
+++

<p>So 2020 has sure had its ups and downs as does every year, but 2020 is quite a special year for many reasons.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>2020</h3>
<p>The year started off well for me, I started work on <a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/801550/Shifted_VR/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Shifted</a> and I even decided to get my drivers permit. In March I went back to work at the golf course which the guys there actually are the reason for getting my permit. Yeah, I could've done it and should've done it several years ago, but I've never really seen the point to get it.</p>
<p>Hell in July I even <a href="https://trdwll.com/blog/new-house-new-office-and-new-workstation/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">moved</a> from a house that I grew up in for ~14 years. We quite like our new house. 😀</p>
<p>In August I <a href="https://trdwll.com/blog/i-quit-my-day-job-and-now-im-fulltime-gamedev/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">quit my job</a> at the golf course to go full-time on Shifted and as of right now it's still my main full-time job. </p>
<p>Really my year wasn't that eventful other than changing jobs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>2020 New Years Resolutions</h3>
<p>Welp, I achieved some of my resolutions for 2020 that I set in January.&nbsp;</p>
<p>I contributed to more open-source software, I definitely released more software, I've written more blog posts this year than I ever have in total, and I'm more successful.</p>
<p>In December I was apart of releasing a game called <a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/1202410/Midjungard/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Midjungard</a>. I was only a contractor that added Linux support for dedicated servers, steam inventory/microtransactions, and storing player data (stats) with DynamoDB so my work wasn't anything groundbreaking. I want to note that I wasn't apart of the team very long either, only a week and a half.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>COVID19</h3>
<p>Really this hasn't affected me really at all. When I was working at the golf course it was worrying us that we were going to get closed down, but that never happened.</p>
<p>It really doesn't affect me in any way not as I work from home and really don't have to go anywhere other than for groceries. Hopefully, 2021 is a better year so COVID goes away and life for everyone returns to somewhat normal.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>until next time</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
    